c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.dll.config
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Astrometry.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Attributes.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Controls.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Exceptions.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Utilities.Video.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Astrometry.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Attributes.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Controls.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Exceptions.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Utilities.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\GS_touch.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.MainWindow.resources
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.SetupDialogForm.resources
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\GS_touch.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\GS_touch.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Kevin_FCSH_controller\FCSH2\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.pdb
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.dll.config
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.pdb
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Astrometry.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Attributes.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Exceptions.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Utilities.Video.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Astrometry.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Attributes.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Exceptions.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Utilities.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\bin\Release\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\GS_touch.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.MainWindow.resources
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.SetupDialogForm.resources
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\GS_touch.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\GS_touch.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.dll
C:\Users\Kiehyun\Desktop\KBox\GS_touch\ASCOM Driver\GS_touch\GS_touch\obj\Release\ASCOM.GS_touch.Focuser.pdb
